com/thiago/githubreader/domain/BytesSize.java
 com.thiago.githubreader.domain.BytesSize
com/thiago/githubreader/domain/GitHubRepoDirParser.java
 com.thiago.githubreader.domain.GitHubRepoDirParser
com/thiago/githubreader/domain/GitHubRepoConnectionHandler.java
 com.thiago.githubreader.domain.GitHubRepoConnectionHandler
com/thiago/githubreader/adapters/web/model/ReadRepoGroupApiModel.java
 com.thiago.githubreader.adapters.web.model.ReadRepoGroupApiModel
com/thiago/githubreader/application/ports/in/ReadGitHubRepoUseCase.java
 com.thiago.githubreader.application.ports.in.ReadGitHubRepoUseCase
com/thiago/githubreader/GithubreaderApplication.java
 com.thiago.githubreader.GithubreaderApplication
com/thiago/githubreader/adapters/web/api/ReadrepoApi.java
 com.thiago.githubreader.adapters.web.api.ReadrepoApi
com/thiago/githubreader/adapters/web/model/ReadRepoResponseApiModel.java
 com.thiago.githubreader.adapters.web.model.ReadRepoResponseApiModel
com/thiago/githubreader/domain/LineCount.java
 com.thiago.githubreader.domain.LineCount
com/thiago/githubreader/adapters/web/controllers/ReadrepoApiImpl.java
 com.thiago.githubreader.adapters.web.controllers.ReadrepoApiImpl
com/thiago/githubreader/domain/GitHubRepoConnectionHandlerImpl.java
 com.thiago.githubreader.domain.GitHubRepoConnectionHandlerImpl
com/thiago/githubreader/GithubreaderConfiguration.java
 com.thiago.githubreader.GithubreaderConfiguration
com/thiago/githubreader/adapters/web/api/ApiUtil.java
 com.thiago.githubreader.adapters.web.api.ApiUtil
com/thiago/githubreader/adapters/web/model/ReadRepoFileApiModel.java
 com.thiago.githubreader.adapters.web.model.ReadRepoFileApiModel
com/thiago/githubreader/domain/FileName.java
 com.thiago.githubreader.domain.FileName
com/thiago/githubreader/adapters/web/model/ReadRepoRequestApiModel.java
 com.thiago.githubreader.adapters.web.model.ReadRepoRequestApiModel
com/thiago/githubreader/domain/GitHubRepoFileContainer.java
 com.thiago.githubreader.domain.GitHubRepoFileContainer
com/thiago/githubreader/adapters/web/mappers/GitHubRepoFileApiMapper.java
 com.thiago.githubreader.adapters.web.mappers.GitHubRepoFileApiMapper
com/thiago/githubreader/domain/GitHubRepoFileExtensionList.java
 com.thiago.githubreader.domain.GitHubRepoFileExtensionList
com/thiago/githubreader/domain/GitHubFile.java
 com.thiago.githubreader.domain.GitHubFile
com/thiago/githubreader/adapters/web/mappers/GitHubRepoFileGroupApiMapper.java
 com.thiago.githubreader.adapters.web.mappers.GitHubRepoFileGroupApiMapper
com/thiago/githubreader/domain/GitHubGetThread.java
 com.thiago.githubreader.domain.GitHubGetThread
com/thiago/githubreader/adapters/web/mappers/GitHubRepoApiMapper.java
 com.thiago.githubreader.adapters.web.mappers.GitHubRepoApiMapper
com/thiago/githubreader/application/services/ReadGitHubRepoUseCaseImpl.java
 com.thiago.githubreader.application.services.ReadGitHubRepoUseCaseImpl
com/thiago/githubreader/domain/GitHubRepoFileGetter.java
 com.thiago.githubreader.domain.GitHubRepoFileGetter
com/thiago/githubreader/domain/GitHubRepo.java
 com.thiago.githubreader.domain.GitHubRepo
